for those of you who are visiting us
especially there's something fun for the
kids
a new Museum here in LA called the
Museum of ice-cream everything in it is
ice cream themed the artwork there's
actual ice cream and it's very popular
tickets are sold out for I don't know
how it's like the Hamilton of museums
but we managed to get our hands on a
golden ticket and we gave that ticket to
our friend Rami Malek who stars on the
show mr. robot and this is what happens
when mr. robot meets mr. Softee my name
is strawberry Sydney just a few things
before moving on our museum is a one way
through museum so please just keep
moving for it in our museum and in life
also while you are in each room please
try and finish your designated treat
inside that room before moving on we
have a lot of artists that have come
here have fun I scream you scream
we all scream for ice cream
an ode to joy' a sweet balance to our
salty tears
are these wonders even real am I
[Music]
that guy's been that guy's cool how do
you make an ice-cream museum without
completely going insane where do you
draw the line is gelato ice cream
what about Froyo it's a double scoop of
Anarchy that's how you see here
I'm here because I'm trying to overcome
a personal childhood ice cream drama
[Music]
that's right mr. Softee was watching me
all the time
he was me and on top of all that I'm
lactose intolerant
the whole system is rigged the claw
grabs the prize but who grabs the claw
mmm do you forget ice cream headaches
you I do it's not from the ice cream
it's because the government embedded the
chip into my spine it's not a joke
it's for real it's not it's not even
funny it's all of this a tutti-frutti
illusion covered in sprinkles so so so
many sprinkles I done now
[Music]
not even close well thank you so much
for being here
that's where you're wrong we aren't here
at all just locked in a prison of our
own design and the key is stamp do not
duplicate hey can I have one of those
t-shirts yeah awesome
[Music]
[Applause]
I love ice cream hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever